To process via the terminal you
need to enter the processing
Docker container by copying and
pasting the code from GitHub.
In this directory, you'll need
to type 'nano
default.config.yaml'. This is
the text file version of the
various settings you'll find in
the front-end interface plus a
few additions. Here's where you
can add or remove file
extensions.
Change the frame sampling, match
distance and filtering. One key
thing is the database value.
This enables the output to be
saved in the database as opposed
to just in file. This is much
more effective for bulk
collections. By default, the
tool produces big CSV files of
all the matches. But by setting
this to 'true', it will save the
results to the database and
allow you to use the front end
interface to organise everything
later on.
Press 'Ctrl O' and then 'Ctrl X'
to save and come out of the
settings once you have finished
selecting them. You are now
ready to process the videos and
you can do this by running
'python extract_features.py'.
This will kick off the pipeline.
First a few configuration steps
and then a progress bar will
appear as each video is
processed. This will take more
or less time depending on how
many videos you are processing,
the length of your videos frame
sampling settings, and GPU
processing power. This is
something that you leave running
overnight or even a couple of
days. Now that you've processed
all of the files, occasionally a
packet mismatch note may appear,
that's just indicating that a
frame was corrupted in a
specific video but the rest of
the video should be processed
correctly. To use the front end
interface you need to type
'python extract_exif.py'. This
will pull out metadata around
the files to display in the
front end. Finally, you will
want to run 'python
generate_matches.py' this will
look at all the extracted
information from the last two
scripts and then perform
distance analysis to find
related and similar video
content.
Okay, now that the processing is
complete, and you can return to
the front-end interface and
refresh it to view your videos
in your collection